Your answer maybe a little different than mine,
but let's go over an example answer in a thought process I had for this exercise.
The prop stated that Edtopia is striving to build
a platform for freelance instructors to build course content,
edit their videos, and market their work.
We have to take a step back and ask,
why are we building this and who are we building it for?
Existing solutions today, either hire
professional expertise and handhold them
through the development of the course like Coursera.
This model is fine and the quality of the course material is great.
However, they are cuffed by how much they could
recruit and guide instructors to make their content.
On the other end of the spectrum, models like Udemy,
function more as an open marketplace for instructors to post
their content with minimal resources in terms of having an Instructor Success Manager,
video production services, and curriculum guidance.
It looks like Edtopia is aiming more for the middle sweet spot,
providing instructors with resources for their courses to succeed,
but in a self-serve manner so that the company is not
kept on a finite pool of instructors at a given time.
This opens up a marketplace for instructors that want to focus on
teaching the subject as opposed to setting up the logistics of teaching itself.
Now product vision for Edtopia course creators,
is to have the tool to self-serve
their course creation process from content management, design,
infra, analytics, and marketing,
so that they could focus on being the best subject matter expertise,
and be the best teacher that they could be.
You may have heard of a CMS or Course Management System,
which is a way for non-technical users to upload and
manage their content via user-interface.
For Edtopia, one of our objectives is to provide an LMS or Learning Management System,
interface and backend, for instructors to self-create course materials.
The key results for this objective are;
the average completion of development for a full course is under
three months based on existing hypothetical data that you've gathered from user research.
The average course NPS or Net Promoter Score,
is to be above 75,
which is considered excellent for the educational industry.
If you build it, they will come.
Well, they will only come if it's marketed well and to the appropriate users.
For objective two, we will be providing an interface, algorithm,
and dashboard for instructors to configure the strategy of their course marketing spend,
and student candidate targeting.
Our criteria for success would be that 60 percent of
instructors return net positive ROI on their marketing spend.
Instructors are good at what they teach,
and they're the subject matter expert for that subject.
However, they are most not likely video producers by train.
Objective three, provide video production templates and
automated post-production processes to ensure
that course videos are high-quality and standardize.
The key results for this objective are;
the majority of course instructors do not have to use
third-party video software to edit their videos before publishing,
and a diverse set of video production templates so that we get minimal feedback
from students saying how the format is too repetitive or formulaic.